Chapter 3 Quiz

1: What is the difference between an interger and a floating point variable?

    An interger is a whole number, a floating point variable can store a decimal fraction or real number.

2: What is the difference unsigned short int, int and long int?

    An unsigned short int is able to store a positive number between 0 and 65,357 in 2bytes on most machines.
    An int can vary in size, depending on your computer, my computer uses a 4 byte or 32-bit int that can store numbers between approximately -4.5 Billion and 4.5 Billion.  
    A long int is an 8 byte int or 64 bit that can store values between approx -9 quintillioon and 9 quintillion.

3: What are the advantages of using Symbolic constants over literal constants?

    A symbolic constant has two main advantages over a literal constant, these being that if the value is used in more than one place in your code, 
    you can change it once and update the value everywhere that it is used, and that the fact that it is named like a variable can improve the readability of your code.

4: What is the advantage of using the const keyword over #define to declare and instantiate constants?

    When using the const keyword you can assign a type to the variable allowing the compiler to enforce type, where as with #define the preprocessor simply substutes the 
    name for what ever value is asigned.  #define is no longer part of the C++ standards.

5: What makes for a good or bad variable name?

    A variable name should say what the data stored is, for example age, name, gender would be good variable names. Arbitary letters and numbers should be avoided out side 
    loop counters. It is important to be consistent with how you capitalise mulit-word variable names, i prefer camel case so maxAge, firstName but max_age would also be fine.

6: Given this enum, what is the value of blue?
    enum COLOR { White, Black=100, Red, Blue, Green=300 };

    BLue = 102;

7: Which of the following are good, bad or invalid variable names?

    A: Age - Good
    B: !ex - Invalid
    C: R79J - Bad
    D: TotalIncome - Good
    E: __Invalid: - Bad



